If you could have any superpower that’s completely useless, what would it be?
What’s the weirdest food combination you secretly enjoy?
If you could be a character in any TV show, but only as an extra, which show would you choose?
What’s the most boring hobby you can think of?
If you could only wear one color for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What’s the most outdated piece of technology you still use regularly?
If you could have any animal as a pet, but it had to be the size of a hamster, what would you choose?
What’s the weirdest dream you’ve ever had?
If you could only eat one cuisine for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What’s the most useless talent you have?
If you could be fluent in any language instantly, but it had to be a fictional one, which would you choose?
What’s the most boring superpower you can think of?
If you could have any job in the world, but it had to be the most mundane version of it, what would it be?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever collected?
If you could only listen to one genre of music for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What’s the most useless fact you know?
If you could be any mythical creature, but only for a day, which would you choose?
What’s the most boring movie you’ve ever seen?
If you could have any animal as a sidekick, but it had to be completely useless, what would it be?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever eaten?
If you could only watch one TV show for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What’s the most useless skill you’ve ever learned?
If you could be any historical figure, but only for a day, who would you choose?
What’s the most boring book you’ve ever read?
If you could have any fictional character as a roommate, but they had to be the most annoying version of themselves, who would you choose?
What’s the weirdest habit you have?
If you could only play one video game for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What’s the most useless app on your phone?
If you could be any age for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What’s the most boring sport you can think of?
If you could have any fictional vehicle, but it had to be the slowest version of it, what would you choose?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever done to pass the time?
If you could only use one social media platform for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What’s the most useless piece of advice you’ve ever received?
If you could be any character from a book, but only as a background character, who would you choose?
What’s the most boring place you’ve ever visited?
If you could have any animal as a personal assistant, but it had to be completely unhelpful, what would it be?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever seen someone do in public?
If you could only use one emoji for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What’s the most useless invention you can think of?
If you could be any character from a movie, but only as a background character, who would you choose?
What’s the most boring holiday you can think of?
If you could have any fictional object, but it had to be completely useless, what would you choose?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever done to impress someone?
If you could only use one form of transportation for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What’s the most useless piece of clothing you own?
If you could be any age for a day, what would it be?
What’s the most boring game you’ve ever played?
If you could have any animal as a personal chef, but they had to be completely unskilled, what would it be?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever done to avoid a conversation?
If you could only use one form of communication for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What’s the most useless gadget you own?
If you could be any character from a video game, but only as a non-playable character, who would you choose?
What’s the most boring hobby you can think of?
If you could have any fictional creature as a pet, but it had to be completely useless, what would you choose?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever done to make someone laugh?
If you could only use one form of entertainment for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What’s the most useless piece of furniture you own?
If you could be any age for a week, what would it be?
What’s the most boring subject you’ve ever studied?
If you could have any animal as a personal trainer, but they had to be completely unmotivating, what would it be?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever done to avoid work?
If you could only use one form of exercise for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What’s the most useless piece of art you’ve ever seen?
If you could be any character from a cartoon, but only as a background character, who would you choose?
What’s the most boring place you’ve ever lived?
If you could have any fictional creature as a roommate, but they had to be the most annoying version of themselves, what would you choose?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever done to avoid a task?
If you could only use one form of relaxation for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What’s the most useless piece of jewelry you own?
If you could be any age for a month, what would it be?
What’s the most boring event you’ve ever attended?
If you could have any animal as a personal stylist, but they had to be completely unfashionable, what would it be?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever done to avoid a decision?
If you could only use one form of creativity for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What’s the most useless piece of decor you own?
If you could be any character from a comic book, but only as a background character, who would you choose?
What’s the most boring thing you’ve ever done to pass the time?
If you could have any fictional creature as a personal assistant, but they had to be completely unhelpful, what would you choose?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever done to avoid a conversation with a stranger?
